In a previous lesson,
you learned to discover a blocks content using Bitcoin Core.
We navigated down the path of what a blockchain block looks like.
Each block contains a header describing the core information about the block.
Next, we have the body of the block which contains the data.
Each block chain platform has a data model which is restricted by the platform protocol.
We are now going to navigate down the path of creating
our own simple blockchain which will allow us to navigate creatively,
past transactional information within the block's body.
We will have the ability to control our own data model.
The important thing is that the blocks are chained together using hashes.
Let's start with the creation of our blockchain block data model.